type=weaksubj len=1 abandoned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abandonment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abandon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abase pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abasement pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abdicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aberration pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aberration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhor pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhorred pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhorrence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhorrent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhorrently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abhors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abidance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 abidance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 abide pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 abject pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abjectly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abjure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abilities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 able pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 abnormal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abolish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abominable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abominably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abominate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abomination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 above pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 above-average pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 abound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 abrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abrasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abrupt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abscond pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 absence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 absentee pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 absent-minded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 absolve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 absolute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 absolutely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 absorbed pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 absurd pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 absurdity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 absurdly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 absurdness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abundant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 abundance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 abuse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abuse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abuses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 abuses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abysmal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abysmally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 abyss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accede pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 accentuate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 accept pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 acceptance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 acceptable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accessible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accidental pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acclaim pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 acclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 acclaimed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 acclamation pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 accolade pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 accolades pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accommodative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accomplish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accomplishment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accomplishments pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accord pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accordance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accordantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accost pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 accountable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 accurate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 accurately pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 accursed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accusation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accusation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accusations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accusations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accuses pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accusing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 accusingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acerbate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acerbic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acerbically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ache pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 achievable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 achieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 achievement pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 achievements pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 acknowledge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 acknowledgement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 acquit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 acrid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acridly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acridness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acrimonious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acrimoniously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 acrimony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 active pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 activist pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 activist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 actual pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 actuality pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 actually pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 acumen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adamant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 adamantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 adaptable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adaptability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adaptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 addict pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 addiction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 adept pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adeptly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adequate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adherence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adherent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adhesion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admirable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admirer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admirable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admirably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admiration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admiring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admiringly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 admission pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 admission pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admittedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 admonish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 admonisher pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 admonishingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 admonishment pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 admonition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 adolescents pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 adolescents pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 adorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adored pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adorer pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adorer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adoring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adoringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adrift pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 adroit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adroitly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adulation pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adulatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adulterate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 adulterated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 adulteration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 advanced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 advantage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 advantage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 advantageous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 advantages pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 advantages pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adventure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adventure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adventuresome pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 adventurism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adventurous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 adversarial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 adversary pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 adverse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 adversity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 advice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 advice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 advisable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 advocate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 advocacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 affable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 affability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 affably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 affect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 affectation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 affected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 affection pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 affection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 affectionate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 affinity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 affirm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 affirmation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 affirmation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 affirmative pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 afflict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 affliction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 afflictive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 affluent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 affluence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 afford pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 affordable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 affront pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 affront pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 afloat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 afraid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 against pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggravate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggravating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggravation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggressive pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggressiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggressor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggrieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aggrieved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aghast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 agile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 agilely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 agility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 agitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agitated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agitation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agitator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agonies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agonizing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agonizing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agonizingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 agree pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 agreeability pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 agreeable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 agreeable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 agreeableness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 agreeably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 agreement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 agreement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 aha pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 ail pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ailment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aimless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 air pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 airs pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 airs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 alarm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 alarm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 alarmed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 alarming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 alarmingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 alas pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 alert pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 alienate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 alienated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 alienation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 all-time pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 all-time pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 allay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 allegation pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 allegations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 allege pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 allegations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 allegorize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 allergic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 alleviate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 alliance pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 alliances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 alliances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 allow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 allowable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 allure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 allure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 alluring pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 alluringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 allusion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 allusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 allusions pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 ally pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 almighty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 aloof pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 altercation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 although pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 altogether pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 altruist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 altruistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 altruistically pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amaze pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amazed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amazement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amazing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amazing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amazingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ambiguous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ambiguity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ambitious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ambitious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ambitiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ambivalence pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ambivalent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ambivalent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ambush pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ambush pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ameliorate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amenable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 amenity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amiability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amiabily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amicability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amicable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amicably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amiss pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 amity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 amity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 amnesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amour pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ample pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 amply pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 amplify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 amputate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 amuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amusement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amusement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amusing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amusing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 amusingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 analytical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 anarchism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anarchist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anarchistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anarchy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 anemic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 angel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 angelic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 anger pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 angrily pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 angriness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 angry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anguish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anguish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annihilate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annihilation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 animated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 animosity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annoy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annoyance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annoyed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annoying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annoying pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 annoyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 anomalous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 anomaly pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 antagonism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 antagonist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 antagonistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 antagonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti- pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-American pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-American pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-Israeli pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-Israeli pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-Semites pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-Semites pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-US pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-US pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-occupation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-occupation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-proliferation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-proliferation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-social pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-white pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anti-white pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 antipathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 antiquated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 antithetical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 antithetical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anxieties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anxiety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anxious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anxiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anxiousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 anyhow pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 anyway pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 anyways pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 apathetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apathetic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apathetically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ape pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apocalypse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apocalyptic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apologist pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apologist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apologists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apologists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apostle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 apostle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 apotheosis pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 apotheosis pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appal pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 appall pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 appall pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 appall pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 appalled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 appalling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 appallingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 apparent pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 apparently pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 appeal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 appeal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 appeal pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appealing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 appear pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 appearance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 appearance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 appease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 applaud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 appreciable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appreciate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appreciation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appreciation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appreciative pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appreciatively pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 appreciativeness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 apprehend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 apprehension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apprehensions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apprehensions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apprehensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apprehensive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 apprehensively pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 appropriate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 approval pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 approve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 apt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 aptly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 aptitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 arbitrary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 arcane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 archaic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ardent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ardently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ardor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 arduous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 arduously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 aristocratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 argue pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 argument pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 argument pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 argumentative pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 arguments pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 arguments pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 arousal pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 arouse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 arousing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 arresting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 arrogance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 arrogant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 arrogant pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 arrogantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 arrogantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 articulate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 artificial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ascendant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ascendant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ascertainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ascertainable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ashamed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 asinine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 asininely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 asinininity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 askance pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 asperse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aspersion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aspersions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aspiration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 aspirations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 aspirations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 aspire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 assail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 assassinate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 assassin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 assault pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 assault pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 assent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 assertions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 assertions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 assertive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 assess pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 assessment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 assessment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 assessments pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 assessments pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 asset pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 assiduous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 assiduously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 assuage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 assumption pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 assumption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 assurance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 assurance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 assurances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 assurances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 assure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 assuredly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astonish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astonished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astonishing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astonishing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astonishingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astonishment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astounded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astounding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astounding pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astounding pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astoundingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 astray pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 astronomic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 astronomical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 astronomically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 astute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 astutely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 asunder pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 asylum pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 asylum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 atrocious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 atrocities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 atrocity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 atrophy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 attack pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 attack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 attain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 attainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 attentive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 attest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 attitude pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 attitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 attitudes pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 attitudes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 attraction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 attraction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 attractive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 attractive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 attractively pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 attune pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 audacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 audaciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 audaciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 audacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 auspicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 austere pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 authentic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 authoritarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 authoritative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 autocrat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 autocratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 award pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 award pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awareness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 aware pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 autocratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 autocratic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 autonomous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 avalanche pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 avalanche pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 avarice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 avaricious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 avariciously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 avenge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aver pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 averse pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 aversion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 avid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 avidly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 avoid pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 avoidance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 awe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awesome pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awesomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awesomeness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awestruck pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 awful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 awful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 awfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 awfulness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 awfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 awkward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 awkwardness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ax pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 babble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 baby pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 baby pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 back pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 backbite pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 backbiting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 backbone pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 backward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 backwardness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 badly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 baffle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 baffled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bafflement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 baffling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bait pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 balanced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 balk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 banal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 banal pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 banalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bane pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 banish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 banish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 banishment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bankrupt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bankrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarian pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbaric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 barbarously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 barely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bargain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bargain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 barren pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 baseless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bashful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 basic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 basically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 bask pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bastard pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bastard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 batons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 batons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 battered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 battering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 battering pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 battle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 battle-lines pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 battle-lines pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 battlefield pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 battleground pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 battleground pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 batty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 beacon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 bearish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beast pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beastly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beatify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beauteous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beautiful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beautiful pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beautifully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beautify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beauty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bedlam pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bedlamite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 befit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 befitting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 befoul pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 befriend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beg pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 beggar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beggarly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 begging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 begging pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beguile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 belated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belabor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beleaguer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belie pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belief pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 belief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 beliefs pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 beliefs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 believable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 believe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 belittle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belittled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belittling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bellicose pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bellicose pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belligerence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belligerent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belligerent pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 belligerently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beloved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bemoan pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bemoaning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bemused pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 benefactor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 beneficial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beneficent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beneficial pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beneficially pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beneficiary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 beneficiary pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 benefit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 benefit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 benefits pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 benefits pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 benevolence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 benevolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 benign pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 bent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 berate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bereave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bereavement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bereft pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 berserk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 beseech pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 beset pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 besides pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 besiege pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 besmirch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 best pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 best-known pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 best-performing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 best-selling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bestial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 betray pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 betrayal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 betrayals pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 betrayer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 better pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 better pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 better-known pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 better-than-expected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bewail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 beware pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bewilder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bewildered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bewildering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bewildering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bewilderingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bewilderment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bewitch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bias pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bias pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bias pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 biased pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 biased pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 biases pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 biases pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bicker pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bickering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bid-rigging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 big pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 bitch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bitchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 biting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bitingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bitter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bitterly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bitterness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bizarre pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blab pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blabber pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 black pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blackmail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blah pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blame pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blame pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blameless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 blameworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bland pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blandish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blaspheme pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blasphemous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blasphemous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blasphemy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blast pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blasted pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blatant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blatantly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blather pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bleak pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bleakly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bleakness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bleed pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blemish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blemish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bless pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 blessing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 blessing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 blind pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blinding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blinding pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blindingly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blindness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blindside pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bliss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 blissful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 blissfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 blister pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blistering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blithe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bloated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 block pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 block pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blockhead pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blood pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 blood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bloodshed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bloodthirsty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bloody pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bloom pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 blossom pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 blow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blow pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blunder pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blunder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blundering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blunders pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blunt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 blur pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 blurt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 boast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boastful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bogus pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boiling pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boisterous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bold pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 boldly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 boldness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bolster pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 bombard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bomb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bombardment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bombardment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bombastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bondage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bonkers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bonkers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bonny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 bonus pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 boom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 booming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 boost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 boost pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boredom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boring pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 botch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bother pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bother pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bothersome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 boundless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bountiful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bowdlerize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 boycott pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 boycott pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brag pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 brag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 braggart pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 braggart pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bragger pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bragger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brains pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brains pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brainwash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brainy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brashly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brashness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bravado pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brave pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bravery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bravery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brazen pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brazenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brazenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brazenness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brazenness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 breach pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 breach pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 break pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 break-point pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 break-point pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 breakdown pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 breakthrough pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 breakthrough pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 breakthroughs pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 breakthroughs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 breathlessness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 breathlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 breathtaking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 breathtakingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 bright pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 brighten pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 brightness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 brilliance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brilliant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brilliant pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brilliantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 brimstone pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brimstone pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 brisk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bristle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 brittle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 broad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 broad-based pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 broke pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 broken-hearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brood pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brook pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 brotherly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 browbeat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bruise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brusque pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutalising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutalising pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutalities pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutalities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutalizing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 brutish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bug pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 buckle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bulky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bull pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 bull pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bullies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bullies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bullish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 bullish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 bully pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bully pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bullyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bumpy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bungle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 bungler pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 bunk pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 buoyant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 burden pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 burden pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 burdensome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 burdensome pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 burdensomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 burn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 busy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 busybody pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 butcher pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 butchery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 byzantine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cackle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cajole pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calamities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calamitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calamitously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calamity pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calamity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 callous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 calm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 calm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 calming pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 calmness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 calumniate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calumniation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calumnies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calumnious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calumniously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 calumny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cancer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cancerous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 candid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 candor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cannibal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cannibalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 capable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 capability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 capably pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 capitalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 capitulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 capricious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 capriciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 capriciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 capsize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 captivate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 captivating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 captivation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 captive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 care pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 carefree pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 careful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 careless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 carelessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 caricature pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 carnage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 carp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cartoon pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cartoon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cartoonish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cash-strapped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 castigate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 casualty pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cataclysm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cataclysmal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cataclysmic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cataclysmically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 catalyst pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 catalyst pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 catastrophe pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 catastrophe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 catastrophes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 catastrophic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 catastrophic pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 catastrophically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 catchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 caustic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 caustically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cautionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cautious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ceaseless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 celebrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 celebrated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 celebration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 celebratory pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 celebrity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 censure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 censure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 censure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 central pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 certain pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 certainly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 certified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 chafe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chaff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chagrin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chagrin pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 challenge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 challenge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 challenging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 champion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 champion pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 champ pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 champion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 chant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 chant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 chaos pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chaotic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 charisma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 charismatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 charitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 charitable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 charity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 charm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 charm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 charm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 charming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 charming pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 charmingly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 chaste pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 chasten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chastise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chastisement pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chatter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chatterbox pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cheapen pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cheap pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cheat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cheat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cheater pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cheer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cheer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cheery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cheerful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cheerless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cherish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cherished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cherub pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 chic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 chide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 childish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 chill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 chilly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chit pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 chivalry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 chivalrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 choppy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 choke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 chore pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 chronic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 chum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 civility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 civilization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 civilize pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 civilize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 civil pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 claim pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 clamor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 clamorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 clandestine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 clarity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 clash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 clash pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 classic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 clean pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cleanliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cleanse pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 clear pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 clear-cut pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 clearer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 clearer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 clearly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 clever pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cliche pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cliched pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 clique pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 clog pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 close pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 closeness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 closeness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cloud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 clout pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 clout pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 clumsy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 co-operation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 co-operation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 coarse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 coax pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cocky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 coddle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 coerce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 coercion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 coercive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cogent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cohesive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cogitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 cognizance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 cognizance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 cognizant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 cohere pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 coherence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 coherence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 coherent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cohesion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cohesive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cold pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 coldly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 collapse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 collapse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 collide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 collude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 collusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 colorful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 colossal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 combative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 comeback pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comeback pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comedy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 comedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 comely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comfort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comfortable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comfortable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comfortably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 comforting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 commend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 commendable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 commendably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 commensurate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 commonsense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 commonsensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 commonsensibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 commonsensical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 comment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 comment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 commentator pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 commentator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 commodious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 commiserate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 commitment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 commitment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 commonplace pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 commotion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 commotion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 compact pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 compassion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 compassionate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 compatible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 compatible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 compel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 compelling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 compelling pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 compensate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 competent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 competence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 competency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 competitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 competitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 competitiveness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 complacent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complacent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complaining pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complaining pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complaint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complaints pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complaints pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 complement pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 complete pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 completely pos1=adverb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 complex pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 compliant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 compliant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 complicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 complicated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 complication pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 complicit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 compliment pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 complimentary pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 comprehend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 comprehensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 compromise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 compromise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 compromise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 compromises pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 compromises pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 compulsion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 compulsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 compulsory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 comrades pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 comrades pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 concede pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conceit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conceited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conceivable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 conceivable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 concern pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 concern pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 concern pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 concerned pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 concerning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 concerning pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 concerns pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 concerns pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 concerted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 concession pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 concession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 concessions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 concessions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conciliate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 conciliatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 conclusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 concrete pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 concur pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 condescend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condescending pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condescendingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condescension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condemn pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condemn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condemnable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condemnation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condolence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condolences pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condolences pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 condone pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 conducive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 conducive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 confer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 confess pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confessions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confessions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 confidence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 confidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 confident pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 conflict pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 conflict pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 confound pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 confound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 confounded pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 confounding pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 confront pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confrontation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confrontation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 confrontational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confused pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confusing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confusing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confusion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 confute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 congenial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 congested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 congestion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 congratulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 congratulations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 congratulations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 congratulatory pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 conjecture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 conquer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 conscience pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 conscience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 conscientious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 consciousness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 consciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 consensus pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 consent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 consequently pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 consider pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 considerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 considerably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 considerate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 consideration pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 consideration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 consistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 console pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 conspicuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conspicuous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conspicuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 conspiracies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 conspiracies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 conspiracy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 conspiracy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conspirator pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conspirator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conspiratorial pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 conspire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 constancy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 consternation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 constitutions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 constitutions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 constrain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 constraint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 constructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 constructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 constructive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 consume pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 consummate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 contagious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 contaminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 contamination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contemplate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 contempt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contemptible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contemptuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contemptuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 content pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 content pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 contention pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contentment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 contentious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contentious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 continuity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 continuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 contort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contortions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contortions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contradict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contradiction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contradictory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contrariness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contrary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contravene pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 contribution pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 contribution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 contrive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 contrived pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 controversial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 controversial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 controversy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 controversy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 convenient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 convenient pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 conveniently pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 conviction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 conviction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 convince pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 convincing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 convincing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 convincingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 convoluted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cooperate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cooperation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cooperation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cooperative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cooperatively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 coping pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 coping pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cordial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cornerstone pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cornerstone pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 correct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 correct pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 corrective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 correctly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 corrode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 corrosion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 corrosive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 corrupt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 corrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 corruption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cost-effective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 cost-saving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 costly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 could pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 counterproductive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 coupists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 coupists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 courage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 courage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 courageous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 courageously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 courageousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 court pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 courteous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 courtesy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 courtly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 covenant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 covert pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 covet pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 coveting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 covetingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 covetous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 covetous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 covetously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 cow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 coward pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cowardly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cozy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 crackdown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crackdown pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crafty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cramped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cranky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crass pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 craven pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cravenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 craving pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 craze pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crazily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 craziness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crazy pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 creative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 credence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 credence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 credible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 credulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crime pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 criminal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cringe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cripple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crippling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crisis pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crisis pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crisp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 critic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 critical pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 criticism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 criticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 criticisms pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 criticisms pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 criticize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 critics pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 critics pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crook pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crooked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cross pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crowded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crude pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cruel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cruelties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cruelty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crumble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crumple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 crusade pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 crusade pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 crusader pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 crush pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 crushing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 culpable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cuplrit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cumbersome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cure-all pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cure-all pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 curious pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 curiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 curse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 curse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cursed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cursed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 curses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cursory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 curt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cuss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 cut pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 cutthroat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cynical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 cynicism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 damage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 damage pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 damaging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damn pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damnable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damnably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damnation pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damned pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 damning pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dance pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 danger pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 danger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dangerous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dangerousness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dangerousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 daring pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 daringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dark pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 darken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 darkness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 darling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 darn pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dashing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dastard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dastardly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 daunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 daunting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dauntingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dauntless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dawdle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dawn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 daydream pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 daydreamer pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 daze pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dazed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dazzle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dazzled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dazzling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dead pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deadbeat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deadlock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deadlock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deadly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deadweight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deaf pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dear pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dearth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 death pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debacle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debase pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debasement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debaser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debatable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debauch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debaucher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 debauchery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 debilitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 debilitating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 debility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decadence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decadent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decay pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decayed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceitful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceitfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceitfulness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceiving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceiver pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceivers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 decency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 deception pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deception pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceptive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deceptively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 decisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 decisiveness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 decisiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 declaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decline pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decline pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 declining pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decrease pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decrease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decreasing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 decrement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decrepit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decrepitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 decry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dedicated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 deduce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 deep pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 deep pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deeply pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 deepening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deepening pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defamation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defamations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defamatory pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 defeat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 defeat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 defect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 defend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 defender pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 defender pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 defensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 defense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 defiance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defiance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defiant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defiantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defiler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 definite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 definitely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 definitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 definitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 definitively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 deflationary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 deform pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deformed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defrauding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defrauding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deft pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 defunct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 defy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degenerate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degenerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degenerately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degeneration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degradation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degrading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 degradingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dehumanization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dehumanize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deign pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deject pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dejected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dejectedly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dejection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delectable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 delicacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 delicate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delight pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delighted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delightful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delightful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delightfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 delightfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 delinquency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 delinquent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delirious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delirium pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deluded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deluge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delusion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delusional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delusional pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delusions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 delusions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 demand pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 demand pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 demand pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 demands pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 demands pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 demean pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demeaning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 democratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 demolish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 demolisher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demonic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demonize pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demoralize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demoralizing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demoralizingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 demystify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 denial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 denigrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deny pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 denounce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 denunciate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 denunciation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 denunciations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dependable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dependent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 dependent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 deplete pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deplorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deplorable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deplorably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deplore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deploring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deploringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deprave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 depraved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 depravedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deprecate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 depress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 depressed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 depressing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 depressing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 depressingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 depression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 depression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deprive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deprived pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deride pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 derision pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 derisive pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 derisively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 derisiveness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 derogatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desecrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deserve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 deserved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 deservedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 deserving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 desert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desertion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desiccate pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desiccated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desirable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 desire pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 desire pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 desire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 desirous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 desolate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desolately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despair pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despair pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despairing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despairingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desperate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desperately pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desperation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despicable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despicably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despised pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despised pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despite pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despoil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despoiler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despondence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despondency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despondent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despondently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despotic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despotism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 despotism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 destabilisation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 destabilisation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 destine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 destined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 destinies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 destinies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 destiny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 destiny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 destiny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 destitute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 destitution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 destroy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 destroyer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 destroyer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 destruction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 destructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 desultory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deteriorate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deteriorating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deteriorating pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deterioration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 determination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 determination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 deterrent pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 detest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 detestable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 detestably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 detract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 detraction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 detriment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 detrimental pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devastate pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devastated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devastating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devastatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 devastation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deviate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deviate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deviate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 deviation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devil pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devilish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devilishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devilment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devilry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deviously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 deviousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devoid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 devote pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 devoted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 devotee pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 devotion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 devout pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dexterity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dexterous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dexterously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dextrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 diabolic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 diabolical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 diabolically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 diametrically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 diatribe pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 diatribes pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dictator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dictatorial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 differ pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 difference pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 difference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 difficult pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 difficulties pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 difficulties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 difficulty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 difficulty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 diffidence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 diffidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dig pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dig pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dignified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dignify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dignity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 digress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dilapidated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dilemma pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dilemma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 diligence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 diligent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 diligently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dilly-dally pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dim pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dim pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 diminish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 diminishing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 din pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dinky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 diplomacy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 diplomacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 diplomatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 diplomatic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dire pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 direct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 direly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 direness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dirt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dirty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dirty pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disable pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disabled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disaccord pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disadvantage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disadvantaged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disadvantageous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disadvantageous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disaffect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disaffected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disaffirm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disagree pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disagreeable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disagreeably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disagreement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disagreement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disallow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disappoint pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disappointed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disappointing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disappointingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disappointment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disappointment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disapprobation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disapproval pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disapproval pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disapprove pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disapproving pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disarm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disarray pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disarray pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disaster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disastrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disastrously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disavow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disavowal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disbelief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disbelieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disbeliever pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discern pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 discerning pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 disclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discombobulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discomfit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discomfititure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 discomfort pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 discompose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disconcert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disconcerted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disconcerting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disconcertingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disconsolate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disconsolately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disconsolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discontent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discontent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discontented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discontentedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discontinuity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discontinuity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discord pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discordance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discordant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discountenance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discourage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discouragement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discouraging pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discouragingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discourteous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discourteously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discredit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 discreet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 discreet pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 discrepant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 discretion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 discriminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 discriminating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 discriminatingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 discrimination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 discrimination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 discriminatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disdain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disdain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disdainful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disdainfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disease pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 diseased pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disfavor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgrace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgrace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgraced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgraceful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgracefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgruntle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgruntled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgust pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgusted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgustedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgustful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgustfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgusting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disgustingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishearten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disheartening pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishearteningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonestly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dishonorablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disillusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disillusion pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disillusioned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disinclination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disinclined pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disingenuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disingenuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disintegrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disinterested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disintegration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disinterest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disinterested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dislike pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dislocated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disloyal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disloyal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disloyalty pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismalness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismay pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismayed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismaying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismayingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismissive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismissive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dismissively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disobedience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disobedient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disobey pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disown pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disorder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disorder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disordered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 disorderly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disorganized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disorient pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disoriented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disown pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disparage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disparaging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disparagingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dispensable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dispirit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dispirited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dispiritedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dispiriting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 displace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 displaced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 displease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 displeasing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 displeasure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 displeasure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disposition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 disproportionate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disprove pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disputable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dispute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dispute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disputed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disquiet pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disquieting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disquietingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disquietude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disregard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disregard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disregardful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disreputable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrepute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespectable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespectablity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespectful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespectfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespectfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespecting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrespecting pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disruption pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disruption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disruptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissatisfaction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissatisfaction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissatisfactory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissatisfied pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissatisfy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissatisfying pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissemble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissembler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissenter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissention pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disservice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disservice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissident pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissident pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissidents pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissidents pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissocial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissolute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dissolution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissonance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissonant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissonantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissuade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dissuasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distaste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distasteful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distastefully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 distinct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 distinction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 distinctive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 distinctive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 distinctive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 distinctly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 distinguish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 distinguished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 distort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distortion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distortion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 distract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distracting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distraction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distraction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distraught pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distraughtly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distraughtness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distressed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distressing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distressingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distrust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distrustful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 distrusting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disturb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disturbed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disturbed-let pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disturbed-let pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disturbing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disturbingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disunity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 disvalue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 divergent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 diversified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 divide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 divided pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 divine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 divine pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 divinely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 division pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 divisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 divisively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 divisiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 divorce pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 divorce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 divorced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dizzy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dizzing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dizzingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doddering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dodge pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dodge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dodgey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dogged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doggedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dogmatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doldrums pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dominance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dominance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dominant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 dominant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 dominate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 domination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 domination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 domineer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 domineering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 domineering pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doom pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doomsday pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doomsday pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dope pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dote pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dotingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 doubt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doubt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doubtful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doubtfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doubtless pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 doubts pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 doubts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 down pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downbeat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downcast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downfall pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downfallen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 downgrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downheartedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 downright pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 downside pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drab pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 draconian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 draconic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dragon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dragons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dragons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dragoon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drama pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drama pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dramatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 dramatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 drastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drastically pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dread pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dread pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dreadful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dreadfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dreadfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dream pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dream pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dream pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dreamland pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dreams pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dreams pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dreamy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 dreary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 drive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 driven pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 drones pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drones pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 droop pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 drought pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 drought pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 drowning pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drunk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drunkard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 drunken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dubious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dubiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dubitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dud pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dull pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dullard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dumb pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dumb pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dumbfound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dumbfounded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dummy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dump pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dunce pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dungeon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dungeons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dungeons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 dupe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 durable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 durability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dusty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 duty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 dwindle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dwindling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 dynamic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 dying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 eager pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eagerly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eagerness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 earnest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 earnestly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 earnestness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 earsplitting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ease pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 easier pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 easiest pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 easily pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 easiness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 easy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 easygoing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ebullience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ebullient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ebulliently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 eccentric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 eccentricity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 eclectic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 economical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ecstasies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ecstasy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ecstatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ecstatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 edgy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 edify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 educable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 educated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 educational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 effective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 effectively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 effectiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 effectual pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 efficacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 efficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 efficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 effigy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 effortless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 effortlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 effrontery pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 effusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 effusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 effusively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 effusiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 egalitarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ego pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ego pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 egocentric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 egomania pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 egotism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 egotistical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 egotistically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 egregious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 egregiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ejaculate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 elaborate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 elan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 elate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 elated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 elatedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 elation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 election-rigger pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 election-rigger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 electrification pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 electrification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 electrify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 elegance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 elegant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 elegantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 elevate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 elevated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 eligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 eliminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 elimination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 elite pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eloquence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eloquent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eloquently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 else pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 emaciated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 emancipate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 emasculate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 embarrass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 embarrassing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 embarrassingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 embarrassment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 embattled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 embellish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 embodiment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 embolden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 embrace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 embroil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 embroiled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 embroilment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 eminence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eminent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 emotion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 emotion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 emotional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 emotions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 emotions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 empathize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 empathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 emphasise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 emphasise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 emphatic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 emphatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 empower pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 empowerment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 emptiness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 emptiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 empty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 enable pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enchant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enchanted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enchanting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enchantingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 encourage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 encouragement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 encouragement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 encouraging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 encouraging pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 encouragingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 encroach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 encroachment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 endanger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 endear pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 endearing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 endless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 endorse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 endorsement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 endorsement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 endorser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 endurable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 endure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enduring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enemies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 enemies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 enemy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 energetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 energetic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 energize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enervate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enfeeble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enflame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 engage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 engaging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 engross pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 engrossing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 engulf pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 enhance pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enhanced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enhancement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enjoin pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 enjoy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enjoyable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enjoyably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enjoyment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enlighten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enlightenment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enliven pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enmity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ennoble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enormities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enormity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enormous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enormously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 enough pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 enrage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enraged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enrapt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enrapture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enraptured pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enrich pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 enrichment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enslave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ensure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 entangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 entanglement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 enterprising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 entertain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 entertaining pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthral pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthrall pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthralled pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthusiasm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthusiast pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthusiastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enthusiastically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 entice pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enticing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enticingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 entire pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 entirely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 entrance pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 entranced pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 entrancing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 entrap pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 entrapment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 entreat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 entreatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 entrenchment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 entrenchment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 entrust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enviable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 enviably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 envious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enviously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 enviousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 envision pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 envisions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 envisions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 envy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 envy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 epic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 epidemic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 epitome pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 equality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 equality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 equitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 equivocal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 eradicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 erase pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 erode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 erosion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 err pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 errant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 erratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 erratically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 erroneous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 erroneous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 erroneously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 error pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 error pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 erudite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 escapade pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 eschew pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 esoteric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 essential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 especially pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 esteem pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 esteem pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 estranged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 established pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 eternal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 eternity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eternity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ethical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 eulogize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 euphoria pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 euphoric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 euphorically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 evaluate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 evaluation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 evaluation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 evade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 evasion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 evasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 even pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 evenly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 eventful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 everlasting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 evident pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 evidently pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 evil pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 evil pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 evildoer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 evils pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 evils pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 eviscerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 evocative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exacerbate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exact pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 exacting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exactly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 exaggerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exaggeration pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exaggeration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exalt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exalt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exaltation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exalted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exaltedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exalting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exaltingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exasperate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exasperation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exasperating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exasperatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exceed pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exceeding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exceedingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excellence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excellency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excellent pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excellently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exceptional pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exceptionally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excessive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 excessively pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 excite pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excitedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excitedness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excitement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exciting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excitingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 exclude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 exclusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 exclusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 exclusively pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 excoriate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 excruciating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 excruciatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 excusable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 excusable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 excuse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 excuse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 excuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 excuses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 excuses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 execrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exemplar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exemplary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 exhaust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 exhaustion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 exhaustive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 exhaustively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exhilarate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exhilarating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exhilaratingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exhilaration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exhort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 exile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exonerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exorbitant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exorbitantance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exorbitantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 expansive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 expectation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 expectation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 expedient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expediencies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expediencies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expensive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 experienced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 expert pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 expertly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 expire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 explicit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 explicitly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 explode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exploit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exploitation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exploitation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 exposed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 explosive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 expression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 expression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 expressions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 expressions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 expressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 expropriate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expropriate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expropriation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expropriation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 expulse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 expunge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exquisite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exquisitely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 extemporize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 extensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 extensively pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 exterminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extermination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extinguish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extol pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 extoll pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 extort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extortion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extraneous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extraordinarily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 extraordinary pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 extravagance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extravagant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extravagantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extreme pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extreme pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 extremely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extremism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extremism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extremist pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extremists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 extremists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 exuberance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exuberant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exuberantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exult pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exultation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 exultingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 eyebrows pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 eyebrows pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 fabricate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fabrication pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fabulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fabulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 facetious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 facetiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 facilitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fact pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 facts pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 factual pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 fading pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 failing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 failure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 failure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 failures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 failures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 faint pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fainthearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fair pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fair pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fairly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fairness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fairness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 faith pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 faith pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 faithful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 faithful pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 faithfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 faithfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 faithless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fake pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fall pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fallacies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fallacies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fallacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fallaciously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fallaciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fallacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fallout pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 false pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 false pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 falsehood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 falsely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 falsify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 falter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 famed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 familiar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 familiar pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fame pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 famed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 famine pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 famished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 famous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 famously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fanatic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fanatical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fanatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fanaticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fanatics pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fanciful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fancy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fancy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fanfare pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fanfare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fantastic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fantastically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fantasy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fantasy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 far-fetched pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 far-reaching pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 farfetched pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 farce pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 farcical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 farcical-yet-provocative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 farcically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 farsighted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fascinate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fascinating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fascinatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fascination pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fascism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fascism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fascist pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fashionable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fashionably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 fast-growing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fast-paced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fastest-growing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fastidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fastidiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fastuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fatal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fatalistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fatalistically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fatally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fatefully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fathom pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fathomless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fatigue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fatty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fatuity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fatuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fatuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fault pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 faulty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 favor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 favor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 favor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 favorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 favorable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 favored pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 favorite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fawn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 fawningly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 favour pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 faze pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fear pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fear pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fearful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fearfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fearless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fearlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fears pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fears pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fearsome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 feasible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 feasibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 feat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 featly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 feckless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 feeble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 feeblely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 feebleminded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 feel pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 feels pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 felt pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 feeling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 feeling pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 feeling pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 feelings pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 feelings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 feign pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 feint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 feisty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 feisty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 felicitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 felicitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 felicity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fell pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 felon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 felonious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ferocious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ferociously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ferocity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fertile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fertile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fervent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fervently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fervid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fervidly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fervor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 feverish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 festive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fetid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fever pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fiasco pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fiat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fiat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fib pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fib pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fibber pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fickle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fiction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fiction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fictional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fictitious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fidelity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fidget pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fidgety pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fiend pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fiendish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fierce pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fiery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 figurehead pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 figurehead pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 filth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 filthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 finagle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 finally pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 fine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 finely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 firm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 firm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 firmly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 first-class pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 first-rate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fissures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fissures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fitting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fixer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fixer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 flabbergast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flabbergasted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flagging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flagrant pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flagrantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flair pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flak pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flake pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flakey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flame pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 flame pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 flash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flash pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flashy pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flat-out pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flatter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flattering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flatteringly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flaunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flaw pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flaw pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flaws pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flawed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flawed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flawless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flawlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fleer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fleeting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flexible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flighty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flimflam pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 flimsy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flirt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flirty pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 floor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 floored pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flounder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 floundering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 flourish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flourishing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 flout pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fluent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fluster pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fond pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fondly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fondness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fool pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foolhardy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foolish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foolishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foolishness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 foolproof pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 forbid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forbidden pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 forbidding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 forbidding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 force pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 forceful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foreboding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forebodingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foremost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 forsee pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 foresight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 foretell pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 forfeit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forgave pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 forged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forget pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forgetful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forgetfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forgetfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forgive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 forgiven pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 forgiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 forgiving pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 forgivingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 forlorn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forlornly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 formidable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forsake pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forsaken pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 forswear pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 forthright pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fortitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fortress pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fortress pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fortuitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fortuitously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fortunate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fortunate pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fortunately pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fortune pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fortune pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 foul pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foul pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 foul pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 foulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fractious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fractiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fracture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fracture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fragile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fragile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fragmented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fragrant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 frail pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frank pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 frankly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 frantic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frantically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 franticly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fraternize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fraud pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fraud pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fraudulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fraught pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fraught pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 freak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 freak pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 freakish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 freakish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 freakish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 freakishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frazzle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frazzle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frazzled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 free pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 freedom pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 freedom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 freedoms pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 freedoms pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 frenetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frenetically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frenzied pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frenzy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 frequent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 fresh pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fret pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fretful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 friction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 friction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frictions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frictions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 friend pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 friend pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 friendliness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 friendliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 friendly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 friends pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 friends pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 friendship pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 friendship pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 friggin pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fright pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fright pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frighten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frightening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frighteningly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frighteningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frightful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frightfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 frigid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frivolous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frolic pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 frown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frown pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 frozen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fruitful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fruitless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fruitlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fumble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frustrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frustrated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frustrating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frustrating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frustratingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 frustration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fudge pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fudge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fudge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fugitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fulfillment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 fulfillment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 full pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 fully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 full-blown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 full-fledged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 full-scale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fulminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fume pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fun pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 functional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 fundamental pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fundamentally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 fundamentalism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fundamentalism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 funded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 funny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 funny pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 furious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 furiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 furor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 further pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 furthermore pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 fury pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fuss pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fuss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fuss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fustigate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fussy pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 fusty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 futile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 futilely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 futility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 fuzzy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gabble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gaff pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gaffe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gaiety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gaily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gainful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gainfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gainsay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gainsayer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gaga pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gaggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gall pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gallant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gallantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 galling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gallingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 galore pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 galvanize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 gamble pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 gamble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 game pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gape pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 garbage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 garbage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 garish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gasp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gasp pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gauche pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gaudy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gawk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gawky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 geezer pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 gem pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gem pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gems pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gems pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 generosity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 generous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 generously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 genial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 genius pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 genocide pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 genocide pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 gentle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 genuine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 germane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gestures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 gestures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 get-rich pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 get-rich pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ghastly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ghetto pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 giant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 giant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 giants pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 giants pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 gibber pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gibberish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gibe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 giddy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gifted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gigantic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 glad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gladden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gladly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gladness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glamorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glaring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glaringly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glean pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 glee pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gleeful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gleefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glib pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glimmer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glimmer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glimmer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glimmering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glisten pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glisten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glistening pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 glitch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glitter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glitter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gloat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 gloatingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gloom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gloomy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glorify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glorious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gloriously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glory pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glory pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gloss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glossy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glower pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 glowing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glowingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 glum pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 glut pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 gnawing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 go-ahead pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 go-ahead pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 goad pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 goading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 god-awful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 god-given pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 goddam pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 goddamn pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 godlike pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gold pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 golden pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 good pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 goodly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 goodness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 goodwill pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 goodwill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 goof pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 goof pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gorgeous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gorgeously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gossip pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gossip pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gossip pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 graceful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gracefully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 graceless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gracelessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gracious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 graciously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 graciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 graft pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 grail pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 grail pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 grand pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 grandeur pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 grandiose pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 grapple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 grateful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gratefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gratification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gratify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gratifying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gratifyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 grating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gratitude pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gratitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gratuitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gratuitous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gratuitously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grave pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gravely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 great pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 greatest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 greatly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 greatness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 greed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 greedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 greet pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 grief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grievance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grievances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grievances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grieving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grievous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grievously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 grill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grim pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grimace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grin pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 grind pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grind pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gripe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gripe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grisly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 grit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gritty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 groove pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 gross pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grossly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grotesque pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grouch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grouchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 groundbreaking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 groundbreaking pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 groundless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grouse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 growing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 growl pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grudge pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grudges pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grudges pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grudging pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grudgingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gruesome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gruesomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gruff pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 grumble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 guarantee pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 guarantee pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 guardian pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 guidance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 guidance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 guile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 guilt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 guiltless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 guilty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 guiltily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 gullible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 gush pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gumption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gusto pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 gutsy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 haggard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 haggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 halcyon pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 halfhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 halfheartedly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 halfway pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 halfway pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 hallowed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hallucinate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hallucination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 halt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 hamper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hamstring pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hamstrung pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 handicapped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 handily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 handsome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 handy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hanker pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hapless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 haphazard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 happily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 happiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 happy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harangue pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 harass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harassment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harassment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 harboring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 harboring pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 harbors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 harbors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hard-hit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hard-line pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hard-liner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hard-working pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hardball pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardball pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 harden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hardened pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardheaded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hardier pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 hardliner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hardliners pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hardliners pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardship pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardships pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hardships pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hardy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harmful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harmless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harmonious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harmoniously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harmonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harmony pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harmony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 harms pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harms pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harpy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harridan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harried pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harrow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harsh pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 harshly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hassle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 haste pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 haste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hasty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hasty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hater pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hatefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hatefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 haughtily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 haughty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hatred pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 haunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 haunting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 haven pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 havoc pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hawkish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hawkish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hazard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hazard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hazardous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hazy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 headache pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 headaches pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 headaches pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 headway pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heady pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 heal pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 healthful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 healthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 healthy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 heart pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heartbreak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heartbreaker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heartbreaking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heartbreakingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hearten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heartening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heartfelt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heartily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heartless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heartrending pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heartwarming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heathen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heathen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 heaven pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heavenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heavily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 heavy-duty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 heavy-handed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heavyhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heck pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heckle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hectic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hedge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hedonistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heedless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hefty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 hegemonism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hegemonism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hegemonistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hegemony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hegemony pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hegemony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heinous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hell pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hell-bent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hellion pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 help pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 help pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 help pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 helpful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 helpless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 helplessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 helplessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 herald pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heresy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heretic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 heretical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hero pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heroic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heroic pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heroically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heroine pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heroize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 heros pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hesitant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hideous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hideously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hideousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 high pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 high-powered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 high-quality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 highlight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 highlight pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hilarious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hilariously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hilariousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hilarity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hinder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hindrance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 historic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hm pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 hmm pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 hoard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hoax pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hobble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hole pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hollow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 holy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 homage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 honest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 honest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 honestly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 honesty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 honesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 honeymoon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 honor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 honor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 honor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 honorable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hoodwink pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hope pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hope pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hope pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hopeful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hopefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hopefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hopeless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hopelessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hopelessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hopes pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hopes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 horde pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrendous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrendously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrible pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horribly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrific pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrifically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrify pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrifying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrifyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horror pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 horrors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hospitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 hostage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hostile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hostile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hostilities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hostilities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hostility pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hostility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hot pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hothead pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hotheaded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hotbeds pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hotbeds pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hothouse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hothouse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 however pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 hubris pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 huckster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hug pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hug pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 huge pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 humane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humane pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 humanists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 humanists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 humanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humankind pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humbling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 humiliate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 humiliating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 humiliation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 humility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humorous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humorously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humour pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humour pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 humourous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 hunger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hungry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hurt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hurt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hurtful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hustler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 hypnotize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 hypocrisy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hypocrite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hypocrites pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hypocritical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hypocritically pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hysteria pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hysteric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hysterical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hysterically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 hysterics pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 icy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 idea pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 idea pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 ideal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ideal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 idealism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 idealist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 idealize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ideally pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 idiocies pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 idiocy pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 idiot pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 idiotic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 idiotically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 idiots pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 idle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 idol pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 idol pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 idolize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 idolized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 idyllic pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ignite pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 ignoble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ignominious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ignominiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ignominy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ignore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ignorance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ignorance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ignorant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ignorant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ill pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-advised pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-conceived pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-fated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-favored pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-mannered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-natured pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-sorted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-tempered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-treated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-treatment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-treatment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-usage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ill-used pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 illegal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 illegally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 illegitimate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 illicit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 illiquid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 illiterate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 illness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illogic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illogical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illogically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illuminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 illuminati pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 illuminati pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 illuminating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 illumine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 illusion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illusions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illusions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illusory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 illustrious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 imaginary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imagination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 imagination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 imaginative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 imagine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 imbalance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imbalance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imbecile pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imbroglio pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immaculate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 immaculately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 immaterial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 immature pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 immediate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 immediately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 immense pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 immensely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 immensity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 immensurable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 imminence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imminent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imminently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 immobilized pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immoderate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immoderately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immodest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immoral pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immorality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immorally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 immovable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 immune pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 impair pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impaired pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impartial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impartiality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impartially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impasse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impassioned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impassive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=weakneg
type=strongsubj len=1 impatience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impatient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impatiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impeach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impeccable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impeccably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impede pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impedance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impediment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impending pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impending pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impenitent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imperative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 imperatively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 imperfect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imperfectly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imperial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 imperialist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imperil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imperious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imperiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impermissible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impersonal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impertinent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imperturbable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impervious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impetuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impetuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impetus pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impiety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impinge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 implacable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 implausible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 implausibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 implicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 implication pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 implication pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 implicit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 implode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 implore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 imploring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 imploringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 imply pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 impolite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impolitely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impolitic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 importance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 important pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 importantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 importunate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 importune pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imposers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imposers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imposing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imposing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imposition pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imposition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impossible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impossiblity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impossibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impotent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impotent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impoverish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impoverished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impractical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impractical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imprecate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imprecise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imprecisely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imprecision pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impregnable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impressions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 impressions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impressively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 impressiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 imprison pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 imprisonment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 improbability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 improbable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 improbably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 improper pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 improperly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impropriety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 improving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 improve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 improved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 improvement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 improvise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 imprudence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 imprudent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impudence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impudent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impudently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impugn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impulsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impulsively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impunity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 impunity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 impurity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inaccessible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inaccuracy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inaccuracies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inaccurate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inaccurately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inaction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inactive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inadequacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inadequate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inadequately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inadverent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inadverently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inadvisable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inadvisably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inalienable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inanely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inappropriate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inappropriately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inapt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inaptitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inarguable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 inarguably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 inarticulate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inattentive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incapable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incapably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incautious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incendiary pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incense pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incessant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incessantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 incisively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 incisiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 incite pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incitement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incitement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incivility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inclement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inclination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inclination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inclinations pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inclined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 inclusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 incognizant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incoherence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incoherent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incoherently pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incommensurate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incomparable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incomparably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incompatibility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incompatible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incompatible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incompetence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incompetent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incompetently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incomplete pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incompliant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incomprehensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incomprehension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconceivable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconceivably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inconclusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incongruous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incongruously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsequent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsequently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsequential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsequentially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsiderate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsiderately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsistence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsistencies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsistencies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inconsistency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inconsistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsolable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconsolably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconstant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incontestable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 incontrovertible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inconvenience pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconvenience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconvenient pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inconveniently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 incorrect pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incorrectly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incorrigible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incorrigibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incorruptible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 increasing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 increasingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 incredible pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 incredibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 incredulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 incredulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inculcate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indebted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indecency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indecent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indecently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indecision pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indecisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indecisively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indecorum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indeed pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 indefatigable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indefensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indefensible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indefinite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indefinitely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indelible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indelibly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indelicate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 independence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 independence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 independent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indescribable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indescribably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indestructible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 indeterminable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indeterminably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indeterminate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indication pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 indication pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 indicative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 indicative pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 indifference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indifferent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indigent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indignant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indignantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indignation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indignity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indignity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indirect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 indiscernible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indiscreet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indiscreet pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indiscreetly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indiscretion pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indiscriminate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indiscriminating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indiscriminately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indispensable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indispensability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indisposed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indisputable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 indistinct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 indistinctive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 individuality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indoctrinate pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indoctrination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indoctrination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indomitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indomitably pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indubitable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indubitably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indulge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 indulgence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 indulgent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 industrious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ineffective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ineffectively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ineffectiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ineffectual pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ineffectually pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ineffectualness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inefficacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inefficacious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inefficacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inefficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inefficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inefficiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ineligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inelegance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inelegant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ineloquent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ineloquently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inept pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ineptitude pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ineptitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ineptly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inequalities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inequalities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inequality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inequality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inequitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inequitably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inequities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inequities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inertia pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inertia pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inescapable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inescapably pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inessential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inestimable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inestimably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inevitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inevitable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inevitably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inexact pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inexcusable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inexcusably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inexorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inexorably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inexpensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 inexperience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inexperienced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inexpert pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inexpertly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inexpiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inexplainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inexplicable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inextricable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inextricably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infallible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 infallibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 infallibility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 infamous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infamously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infamy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infatuated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 infected pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 infectious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 infer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 inference pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 inference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 inferior pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inferiority pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infernal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 infest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 infested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infidel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infidels pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 infiltrator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 infiltrators pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 infiltrators pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infirm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inflame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inflammatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inflated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inflationary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inflexible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inflict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 influence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 influence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 influential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 informational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 informative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 infraction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infringe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infringement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infringements pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infringements pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infuriate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infuriated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infuriating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 infuriatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ingenious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ingeniously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ingenuity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ingenuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ingenuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inglorious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ingrate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ingratiate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ingratiating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ingratiatingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ingratitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inherent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 inherent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 inhibit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inhibition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inhospitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inhospitality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inhuman pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inhumane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inhumanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inimical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inimically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 iniquitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 iniquity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 injudicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 injure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 injurious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 injury pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 injustice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 injustice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 injustices pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 injustices pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inkling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 inklings pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 inklings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 innocence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 innocence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 innocent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 innocently pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 innocuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 innocuous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 innovation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 innovation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 innovative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 innumerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 innumerably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 innumerous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 innuendo pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 innuendo pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inoffensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inopportune pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inordinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inordinately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inquisitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insanely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insatiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insecure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insecurity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insecurity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insensitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insensitively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insensitivity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insensitivity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insidiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insightful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insightfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insights pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 insignificance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insignificant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insignificantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insincere pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insincerely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insincerity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insinuate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insinuating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insinuation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insinuation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insist pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 insistence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 insistence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insistently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 insociable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 isolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insolence pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insolence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insolently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insolvent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insouciance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inspiration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inspirational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inspire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inspiring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inspiring pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 instability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 instable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 instigate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 instigator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 instigators pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 instructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 instrumental pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 insubordinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insubstantial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insubstantially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insufferable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insufferably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insufficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insufficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insufficiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insult pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insult pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insulted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insulting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insulting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insultingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insupportable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 insupportably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insurmountable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insurmountably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insurrection pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 insurrection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intact pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 integral pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 integrity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intelligent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 intelligence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intelligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 intend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intense pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intensively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intention pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intention pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intentions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intentions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intents pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intents pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intercede pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 interest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 interest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 interest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 interested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 interesting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 interests pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 interests pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 interfere pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 interference pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 interference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intermittent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 interrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 interruption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intimacy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intimacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 intimate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intimate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 intimidate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intimidating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intimidatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intimidation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intimidation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intolerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intolerablely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intolerance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intolerance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intolerant pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intoxicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intractable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intransigence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intransigence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intransigent pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intricate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intrigue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intrigue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 intrigue pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 intriguing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intriguing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intriguingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 intrude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 intrusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intrusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 intuitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inundate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inundated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 invader pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 invader pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 invalid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 invalidate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 invalidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 invaluable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 invaluablely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 invasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 invective pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 inveigle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 inventive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 invidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 invidiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 invidiousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 invigorate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 invigorating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 invincibility pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 invincible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inviolable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 inviolate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 invisible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 invulnerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 involuntarily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 involuntary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ire pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irksome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ironic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ironies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ironies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irony pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irrational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irrationality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irrationally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreconcilable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irredeemable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irredeemably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreformable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irrefutable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 irrefutably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 irregardless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 irregular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 irregularity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irrelevance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irrelevant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreparable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreplacible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irrepressible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreproachable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 irresistible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 irresistibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 irresolute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 irresolvable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irresponsible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irresponsibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 irretrievable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreverence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreverent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreverently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreversible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irreversible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irritable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irritably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 irritant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irritate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irritated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irritating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irritation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 irritation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 isolate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 isolated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 isolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 itch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jabber pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jaded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 jam pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 jar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jaundiced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jauntily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jaunty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jealous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jealously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jealousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jealousy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jeer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jeer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jeering pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jeeringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jeers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jeopardize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jeopardy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jerk pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jittery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 jobless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 joke pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 jollify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jolly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 jolt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 jovial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joyful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joyfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joyless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joyous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 joyously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jubilant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jubilantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jubilate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jubilation pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 jubilation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 judgement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 judgement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 judgements pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 judgements pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 judicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 judgment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 judgment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 judgments pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 judgments pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 jumpy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 junk pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 junky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 just pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 just pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 just pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 justice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 justice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 justifiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 justifiably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 justification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 justify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 justly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 juvenile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 kaput pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 keen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 keen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 keen pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 keenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 keenness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 keenness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 kemp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 key pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 kick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 kick pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 kid pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 kill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 killer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 killer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 killjoy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 kind pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 kindly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 kindliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 kindness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 kingmaker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 kiss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 kiss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 knave pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 knife pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 knock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 knock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 knew pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 know pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 knowing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 knowingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 knowledge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 knowledgeable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 kook pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 kooky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lack pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lack pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lackadaisical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lackey pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lackeys pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lackeys pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lacking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lackluster pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 laconic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lambast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lambaste pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lame pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lame-duck pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lament pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lamentable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lamentably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 languid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 languish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lanky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 languor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 languorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 languorously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 large pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 large-scale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 lapse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 large pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 large pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 largely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 lark pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lascivious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 last-ditch pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 last-ditch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lastly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 laud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 laudable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 laudably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 laugh pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 laugh pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 laughable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 laughably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 laughingstock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 laughter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lavish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lavish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lavishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 law-abiding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lawbreaker pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lawbreaking pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lawful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lawfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lawless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lawlessness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lawlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lax pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lax pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lazy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 leading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 leak pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 leakage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 leaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lean pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lean pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 learn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 learning pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 learned pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 least pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lech pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lecher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lecher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lecherous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lechery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lecture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lecture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 leech pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 leech pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 leech pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 leer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 leer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 leery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 left-leaning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 legacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 legacies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 legacies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 legalistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 legalistic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 legendary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 legitimacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 legitimate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 legitimately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lenient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 leniently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 less pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 less-developed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 less-expensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lessen pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lesser pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lesser-known pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 letch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lethal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lethargic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lethargy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 leverage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 leverage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 levity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lewd pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lewdly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lewdness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 liable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 liability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 liability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 liar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 liar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 liars pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 liars pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 liberal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 liberation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 liberation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 liberalism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 liberally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 liberate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 liberty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 licentious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 licentiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 licentiousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lie pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lie pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lie pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lier pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 life-threatening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lifeblood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lifeless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lifelong pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 light pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 light pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 light-hearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lighten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 likable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 like pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 likelihood pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 likelihood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 likely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 liking pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 likewise pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 limit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 limit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 limitation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 limited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 limitless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 limitless pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 limp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lionhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 listless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 literate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 litigious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 little pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 little-known pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 live pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lively pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 livid pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lividly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loath pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loathe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loathe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loathing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loathly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loathsome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loathsomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lofty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 logical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lone pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lone pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loneliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lonely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lonesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 long pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 longing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 longingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 look pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 looking pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 loophole pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loopholes pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loopholes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loot pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lorn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 losing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 losing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 loser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 loss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lousy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lovable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lovably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 love pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 love pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 loveless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 loveliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lovelorn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lover pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lovely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lovely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 low pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 low-cost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 low-rated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 low-risk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lower-priced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lowly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 loyal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 loyalty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 loyalty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lucid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lucidly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luckier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luckier pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luckiest pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luckily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luckiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lucky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lucky pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lucrative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 lucrative pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ludicrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ludicrously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lugubrious pos1=adj stemmed1=1 priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lukewarm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 lull pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 luminous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lunatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lunatic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lunaticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lurch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lurid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lurk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lurking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lush pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 lure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 luster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lustrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luxuriant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 luxuriate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luxurious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luxuriously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luxury pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 luxury pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 lying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 lyrical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 macabre pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 madden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maddening pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maddeningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 madder pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 madder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 madly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 madman pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 madness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 magic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 magical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 magnanimous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 magnanimously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 magnetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 magnificence pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 magnificent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 magnificent pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 magnificently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 magnify pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 majestic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 majesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 major pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 maladjusted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maladjustment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 malady pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 malaise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malcontent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malcontent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malcontented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maledict pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maledict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malevolence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malevolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malevolently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maliciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maliciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malign pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malign pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 malignant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 malodorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maltreatment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maltreatment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 manageable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 maneuver pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 maneuver pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mania pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maniac pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maniacal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 manic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 manifest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 manipulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 manipulation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 manipulation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 manipulative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 manipulators pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 manipulators pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 manly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mannerly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mantra pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 mantra pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 mar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 marginal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 marginally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 martyrdom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 martyrdom-seeking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 marvel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 marvel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 marvellous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 marvelous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 marvelous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 marvelously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 marvelousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 marvels pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 massacre pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 massacre pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 massacres pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 massive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 master pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 master pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 masterful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 masterfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 masterpiece pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 masterpieces pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 masters pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 masters pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mastery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 matchless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 matter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 mature pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 maturely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 maturity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 maverick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mawkish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mawkishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mawkishness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maxi-devaluation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maxi-devaluation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 maximize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 maybe pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 meager pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mean pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 mean pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 meaningful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 meaningless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 meanness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 meddle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 meddlesome pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mediocre pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mediocrity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 meek pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 melancholy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mellow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 melodramatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 melodramatically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 memorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 memorialize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 memories pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 memories pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 menace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 menace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 menacing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 menacingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 mend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mendacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mendacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 menial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mentality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 mentor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 merciful pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mercifully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 merciless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mercilessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mercy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mercy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mere pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mere pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 merely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 merit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 merit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 meritorious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 merrily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 merriment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 merriness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 merry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mesmerize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mesmerizing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mesmerizing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mesmerizingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mess pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mess pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 messy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 metaphorize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 meticulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 meticulously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 midget pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 midget pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 miff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 might pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 might pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mightily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mighty pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 mild pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 militancy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 militancy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 mind pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mindful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mindless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mindlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 minister pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 minor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 miracle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 miracles pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 miraculous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 miraculously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 miraculousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mirage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mirage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mire pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mirth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 misapprehend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misbecoming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misbecome pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misbegotten pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misbehave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misbehavior pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 miscalculate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 miscalculation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 miscalculation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mischief pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mischief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mischievous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mischievously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misconception pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misconceptions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misconceptions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miscreant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miscreants pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misdirection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miserly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miserable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miserableness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miserably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 miseries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misery pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misfit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misfortune pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misgiving pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misgivings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misguidance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misguide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misguided pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mishandle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mishap pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misinform pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misinformed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misinterpret pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misjudge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misjudgment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mislead pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mislead pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misleading pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misleadingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mislike pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mismanage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misread pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misreading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misreading pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misrepresent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misrepresentation pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 miss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misstatement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistake pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistake pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistaken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistakenly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistakes pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistakes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistrust pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistrust pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistrustful pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mistrustfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misunderstand pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misunderstood pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misunderstanding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misunderstanding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misunderstanding pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misunderstandings pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misunderstandings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 misuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mm pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 moan pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mock pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mockeries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mockery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mocking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mockingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 moderate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 moderation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 moderation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 modern pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 modest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 modesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 molest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 molestation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mollify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 momentous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 monotonous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 monotony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 monster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 monstrosities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 monstrosity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 monstrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 monstrously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 monumental pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 monumentally pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 moody pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 moon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 moot pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 mope pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 moral pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 moral pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 morality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 moralize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 morbid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 morbidly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mordant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mordantly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 moreover pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 moribund pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mortification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mortified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mortify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mortifying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mortifying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 most pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 mostly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 motionless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 motivate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 motivated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 motivation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 motivation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 motive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 motive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 motley pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mourn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mourner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mournful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mournfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 move pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 moving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 much pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 muddle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 muddy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mudslinger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mudslinging pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mulish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 multi-polarization pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 multi-polarization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mum pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 mundane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 murder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 murder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 murderous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 murderously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 murky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 muscle-flexing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 must pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 myriad pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 mysterious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mysteriously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 mystery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 mystify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 mistified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 myth pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 myth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nagging pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 naive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 naively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 nap pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 nap pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 narrow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 narrower pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 narrower pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 nascent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 nastily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nastiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nasty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nationalism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nationalism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 natural pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 naturally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 nature pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 nature pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 naughty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 nauseate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nauseating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nauseatingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 navigable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 neat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 neatly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nebulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nebulous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nebulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 necessarily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 necessary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 need pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 need pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 need pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 needful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 needful pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 needfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 needless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 needlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 needs pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 needs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 needy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nefarious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nefariously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 negate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 negation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 negative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 neglect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 neglect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 neglected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 negligent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 negligence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 negligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nemesis pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 nettle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nettlesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nevertheless pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 nervous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nervously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nervousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 neurotic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 neurotically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 neutralize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nicely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nifty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 niggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nightmare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nightmarish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nightmarishly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nimble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nix pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 noble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nobly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 noisy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 non-confidence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 non-confidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 non-violence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 non-violent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 nonexistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nonsense pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 nonviolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 normal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nosey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 notable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 notable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 notably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 noteworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 noteworthy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 noticeable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 notion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 notion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 notorious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 notoriously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 novel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 nourish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 nourishing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 nourishment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nuance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 nuance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 nuances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 nuances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 nuisance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nuisance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 numb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 nurture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nurturing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 nurturing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 oasis pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 obedience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 obedient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 obediently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 obey pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 obese pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obese pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 object pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 objection pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 objection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 objectionable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 objections pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 objections pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 objective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 objectively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 obligation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 obligation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 obliged pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 oblique pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obliterate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obliterated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oblivious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oblivious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obnoxious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obnoxiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obscene pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obscenely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obscenity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 obscure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obscure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obscurity pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obsess pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obsession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obsessions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obsessive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obsessively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obsessiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 obsolete pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obstacle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obstacle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obstinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obstinately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 obstruct pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 obstruction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obtrusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obtuse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 obviate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 obvious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 obvious pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 obvious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 obviously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 odd pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 odd pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 odder pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oddest pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oddities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oddities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oddity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oddly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offbeat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 offence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 offence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offend pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offending pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offenses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offenses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 offensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 offensive pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 offensive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offensively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 offensiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 officious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 offset pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 oh pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 okay pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 okay pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 olympic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 ominous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ominously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 omission pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 omit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 one-side pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 one-sided pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 onerous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 onerously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 onslaught pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 onslaught pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 onward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 onward pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 open pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 openly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 open-ended pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 openness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 openness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 opinion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 opinion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 opinionated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 opinions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 opinions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 opponent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 opportune pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 opportunity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 opportunistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 opposition pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 opposition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppositions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppositions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppressively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppressiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppressors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 oppressors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 optimal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 optimism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 optimistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 opulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ordeal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 orderly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 original pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 originality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 orphan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 orthodoxy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 ostracize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ought pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 outbreak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outburst pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outburst pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outbursts pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outbursts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outcast pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outcry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 outdated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outdo pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 outgoing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 outlaw pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 outlook pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 outlook pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 outmoded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outrage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outrage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outraged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outrageous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outrageous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outrageously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outrageousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outrages pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outright pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 outshine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 outsider pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 outsmart pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 outspoken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 outspoken pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 outstanding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 outstandingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 outstrip pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 outwit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ovation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ovation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 over-acted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 over-valuation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 over-valuation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overachiever pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 overact pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overact pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overacted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overawe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overbalance pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overbalanced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overbearing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overbearingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overblown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overcome pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overdo pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overdone pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overdue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overemphasize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overjoyed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 overkill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overlook pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overplay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overpower pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overreach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overrun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overshadow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 oversight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 oversimplification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 oversimplified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 oversimplify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 oversized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overstate pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overstatement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overstatement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overstatements pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 overtaxed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overthrow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 overturn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overture pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 overture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 overtures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 overtures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 overwhelm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overwhelming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overwhelmingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overworked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overzealous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 overzealously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pacifist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pacifists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pacifists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pacify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 pain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 painful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 painfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 painless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 painlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pains pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pains pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 painstaking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 painstakingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 palatable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 palatial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pale pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 palliate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 paltry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pamper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pan pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pandemonium pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 panic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 panic pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 panicky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paradise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 paradoxical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paradoxically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 paralize pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 paralyzed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paramount pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 paranoia pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paranoid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 parasite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pardon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pariah pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 parody pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 partiality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 partiality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 particular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 particularly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 partisan pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 partisan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 partisans pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 partisans pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 passe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 passion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 passionate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 passionately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 passive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 passive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 passiveness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 passiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pathetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pathetically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 patience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 patient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 patient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 patient pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 patiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 patriot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 patriotic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 patronize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paucity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paucity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pauper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paupers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 paupers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 payback pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 payback pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 peace pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 peace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 peaceable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 peaceful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 peaceful pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 peacefully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 peacekeepers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 peacekeepers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 peculiar pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 peculiarly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pedantic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pedestrian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 peerless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 peeve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 peeved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 peevish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 peevishly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 penalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 penalty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 penalty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 penetrating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 penitent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perceptions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 perceptions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 perceptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perfect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perfect pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perfect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perfection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perfectly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perfidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perfidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perfunctory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perfunctory pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perhaps pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 peril pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 perilous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 perilously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 peripheral pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 permissible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pernicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perplex pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perplexed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perplexing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perplexity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 persecute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 persecution pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 persecution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perseverance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 persevere pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 persistence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 persistence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 persistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 persistent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 personages pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 personages pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 personality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 personality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 perspective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 perspective pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 perspicuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perspicuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 persuade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 persuasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 persuasive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 persuasively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pertinacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pertinaciously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pertinacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pertinent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 perturb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perturbed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pervasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pervasive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perverse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perversely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perversion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perversity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pervert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 perverted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pessimism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pessimistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pessimistically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pestilent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 petrify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 petrified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pettifog pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 petty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 phenomenal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 phenomenally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 philosophize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 phobia pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 phobic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 phony pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 picky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 picturesque pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 piety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pillage pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pillar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pillar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pillory pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pinch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pinch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pinnacle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pique pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pithy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pithy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pitiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pitiful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pitifully pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pitiless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pitilessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pittance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pity pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pivotal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 placate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 placid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plagiarize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plague pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plague pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 plague pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 plain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plainly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plausibility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plausible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 player pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 player pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 playful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 playfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plaything pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plaything pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plead pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 pleading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 pleadingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 plea pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pleas pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pleas pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pleasant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pleasantly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 please pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pleased pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pleasing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pleasingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pleasurable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pleasurably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pleasure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pleasure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plebeian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pledge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pledge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pledges pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pledges pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 plenary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 plentiful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plenty pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 plight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plot pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plotters pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plotters pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ploy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ploy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plunder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plunderer pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 plush pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 poetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 poeticize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 poignant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 point pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 point pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 pointless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pointlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 poise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 poised pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 poison pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 poison pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 poisonous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 poisonously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 polarisation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 polarisation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 polemize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 polished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 polite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 politeness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pollute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 polluter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 polluter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 polluters pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 polluters pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 polution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pompous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ponder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 poor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 poorly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 popular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 popular pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 popularity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 popularity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 portable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 posh pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 position pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 position pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 positive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 positiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 positively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 possibility pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 possibility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 possible pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 possibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 posterity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 posture pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 posture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 posturing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 posturing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 potent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 potential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 potential pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pout pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 poverty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 power pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 power pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 powerful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 powerfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 powerless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 practicable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 practical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 practically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 pragmatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 praise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 praise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 praiseworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 praising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 praising pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pratfall pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prattle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pray pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 pre-eminent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preaching pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preaching pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 precarious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 precariously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 precaution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 precautions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 precedent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 precious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 precious pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 precious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 precipitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 precipitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 precise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 precisely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 precision pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 predatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 predicament pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 predictable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 predictablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 predominant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 preeminent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 preemptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prefer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preferable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preferable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preferably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preferences pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preferences pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prejudge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prejudice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prejudice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prejudicial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 premeditated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 premier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 premium pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 preoccupy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 prepared pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preponderance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preponderance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 preposterous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 preposterously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 press pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pressing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pressing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pressure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 pressure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 pressures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 pressures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 prestige pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prestigious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 presumably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 presume pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 presumptuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 presumptuous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 presumptuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pretence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pretence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pretend pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pretense pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pretense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pretentious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pretentiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prettily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pretty pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prevalent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 prevaricate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 priceless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pricey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prickle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prickles pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prickles pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pride pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prideful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 primarily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 primary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 prime pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 primitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 primitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 principle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 principle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 principled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prison pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 prisoner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 privilege pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 privileged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pro pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-American pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-American pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-Beijing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-Beijing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-Cuba pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-Cuba pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-peace pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pro-peace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 proactive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 proactive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 problem pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 problematic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 problematic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 problems pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 problems pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 proclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 procrastinate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 procrastination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prodigious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prodigiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prodigy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 productive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 profane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 profane pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 profanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 profess pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 proficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 proficiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 profit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 profit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 profitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 profound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 profoundly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 profuse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 profusely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 profusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prognosticate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 progress pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 progress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 progressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prohibit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 prohibitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 prohibitively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 prolific pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prominent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prominence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 promise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 promise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 promising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 promoter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 promoter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prompt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 promptly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 propaganda pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 propaganda pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 propagandize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 proper pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 properly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prophesy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 propitious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 propitiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 proportionate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 proportionate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 proportionately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 proscription pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 proscription pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 proscriptions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 proscriptions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prosecute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 prospect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prospect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prospects pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prospects pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prosper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prosperity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prosperity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prosperous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 protect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 protection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 protective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 protector pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 protector pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 protest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 protest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 protest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 protests pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 protests pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 protracted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 proud pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prove pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 providence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 provocation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 provocation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 provocative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 provocative pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 provoke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 prowess pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prudence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 prudence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prudent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 prudently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 pry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pugnacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pugnaciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 pugnacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 punch pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 punch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 punctual pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pundits pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 pundits pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 punish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 punishable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 punitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 punitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puppet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puppet pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puppets pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puppets pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 pure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 purification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 purify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 purity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 purposeful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 puzzle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puzzled pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puzzlement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 puzzling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quaint pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 qualified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 qualify pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 qualify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 qualms pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 qualms pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quandary pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 quarrel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 quarrel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quarrel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quarrellous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quarrellously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quarrels pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quarrelsome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quasi-ally pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 quasi-ally pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 queer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 quench pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 questionable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 questionable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quibble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quicken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 quick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 quiet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 quit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 quite pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 quitter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 racism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 racism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 racist pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 racist pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 racist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 racists pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 racists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 radiance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 radiant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 radical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 radical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 radical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 radicalization pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 radicalization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 radically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 radicals pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ragged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 raging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rally pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rampage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rampant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ramshackle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rancor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rank pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rankle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rant pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ranting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rantingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rapid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 rapprochement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rapprochement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rapport pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rapt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rapture pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rapture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 raptureous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 raptureously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rapturous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rapturously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rare pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 rarely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 rascal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rather pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 rather pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 rational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rationality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rationality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rationalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rattle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ravage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 raving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 re-conquest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 re-conquest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 react pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reaction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reaction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 reactionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reactions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reactions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 readiness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 readiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 readily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 ready pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reaffirm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reaffirmation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reaffirmation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 real pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 realist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 realistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 realistically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 realization pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 realization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 really pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reason pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reasonable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reasonably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reasoned pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reassurance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reassurance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reassure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rebellious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rebuff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rebuke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 recalcitrant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 recant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 receptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 recession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 recessionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reckless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 recklessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 recklessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 recognition pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 recognition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 recognizable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 recognizable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 recoil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 recommend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 recommendation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 recommendations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 recommendations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 recommended pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 recompense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 recompense pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reconcile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reconciliation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reconciliation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 record-setting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 recourses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 recourses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 recover pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rectification pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rectification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rectify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rectifying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rectifying pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 redeem pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 redeeming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 redemption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 redundancy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 redundant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reestablish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 refine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 refined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 refinement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reflecting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 reflecting pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 reflective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reform pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reform pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 refresh pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 refreshing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 refuge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 refusal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 refusal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 refuse pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 refutation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 refutation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 refute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 regally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 regard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 regard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 regardless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 regardlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 regress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 regression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 regressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regret pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regret pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regret pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regretful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regretfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regrettable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 regrettably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rehabilitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rehabilitation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reinforce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reinforcement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reiterate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reiterated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reiterated pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reiterates pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 reiterates pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 reject pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rejection pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rejection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rejoice pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rejoicing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rejoicingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 relapse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 relations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 relations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 relax pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 relaxed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 relent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 relentless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 relentlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 relentlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 relevant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 relevance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reliable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reliability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reliably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 relief pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 relief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 relieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 relish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reluctance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reluctance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reluctant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reluctantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 remark pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 remark pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 remarkable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 remarkable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 remarkably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 remedy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reminiscent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reminiscent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 remorse pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remorse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remorseful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remorseful pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remorsefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remorseless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remorselessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remorselessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 remunerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 renaissance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 renewable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 renewal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 renovate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 renovation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 renounce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 renown pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 renowned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 renunciation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 repair pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 repair pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reparation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 repay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 repel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 repentance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 repetitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 replete pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 reprehensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reprehensible pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reprehensibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reprehension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reprehensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 repress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 repression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 repression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 repressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reprimand pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reproach pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reproach pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reproach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reproachful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reprove pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reprovingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repudiate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repudiation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repudiation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repugn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repugnance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repugnant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repugnantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 repulse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 repulsed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repulsing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repulsive pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repulsively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 repulsiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reputable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reputed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 rescue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rescue pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 resent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 resentful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 resentment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 resentment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reservations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reservations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resignation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resigned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resilient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 resistance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resistance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resistant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resistant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resolute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 resolve pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 resolve pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 resolve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 resolved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 resound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 resounding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 resourceful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 resourcefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 respect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 respect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 respect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 respectable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 respectful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 respectfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 respite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 resplendent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 responsibility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 responsible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 responsibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 responsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 restful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 restless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 restlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 restoration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 restore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 restraint pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 restraint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 restrict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 restricted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 restriction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 restrictive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 resurgent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 retaliate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 retaliatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 retard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reticent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 retire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 retract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 retreat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 retreat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 reunite pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 reveal pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 revealing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 revel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 revel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 revel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 revelation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 revelation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 revelatory pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 revenge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 revenge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 revengeful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 revengefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 revere pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reverence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reverent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 reverently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 revert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 revival pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 revive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 revile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reviled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 revitalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 revoke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 revolt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 revolting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 revoltingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 revolution pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 revolution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 revulsion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 revulsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 reward pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rewarding pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rewardingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rhapsodize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rhetoric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rhetoric pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rhetorical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rhetorical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rich pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 riches pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 richly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 richness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rid pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ridicule pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ridicule pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ridiculous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ridiculously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rife pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rift pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rift pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rifts pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rifts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 right pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 right pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 right pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 righten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 righteous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 righteously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 righteousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rightful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rightfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rightly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rightness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rightness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rights pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rights pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rigid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rigor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rigorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 riled pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ripe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 risk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 risk pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 risk-free pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 risky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rival pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rival pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rivalry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 roadblocks pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 roadblocks pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 robust pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rocky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rogue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rogue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rollercoaster pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rollercoaster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 romantic pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 romantically pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 romanticize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rosy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 rot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rot pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rotten pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rough pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rousing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 rubbish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rude pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rue pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ruffian pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ruffle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ruin pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ruin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ruin pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 ruinous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumbling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumbling pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumours pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumours pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rumple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 run-down pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 runaway pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rupture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 rupture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 rusty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ruthless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ruthlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ruthlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sabotage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sacred pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sacrifice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sacrifice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sad pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sadden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sadly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sadness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 safe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 safeguard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sagacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sagely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 saint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 saintliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 saintly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 salable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 salacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 salivate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 salutary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 salute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 salvation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanctimonious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sanctimonious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sanctify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanction pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanctity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanctuary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanctuary pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanguine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sap pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sarcasm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sarcastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sarcastically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sardonic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sardonically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sass pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 satirical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 satirize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 satisfaction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 satisfaction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 satisfactorily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 satisfactory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 satisfy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 satisfying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 savage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 savage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 savage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 savaged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 savagely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 savagery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 savages pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 savor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 savvy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 scandal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 scandal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scandalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scandalized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scandalous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scandalously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scandals pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 scant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scapegoat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scarred pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 scarce pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scarcely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 scarcity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scared pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scarier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scariest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scarily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scars pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scars pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scary pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scathing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scathingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 scenic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 scheme pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 scheme pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scheming pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 scholarly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 scoff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scoffingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scold pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scolding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scoldingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scorching pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scorchingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scorn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scornful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scornfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scoundrel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scourge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scowl pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scowl pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scream pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 screaming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 screamingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 screech pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 screech pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 screw pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scruples pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 scrupulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 scrupulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 scrutinize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 scrutiny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 scrutiny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 scum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 scummy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 seamless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 seasoned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 second-class pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 second-tier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 secretive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 secretive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 secure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 securely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 security pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 security pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sedentary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 seductive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 seedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 seem pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 seemingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 seethe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 seething pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 selective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 self-coup pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-coup pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-criticism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-criticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 self-defeating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-destructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-determination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 self-determination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 self-examination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 self-examination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 self-humiliation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-humiliation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-interest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-interest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-interested pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-respect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 self-satisfaction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 self-satisfaction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 self-serving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 self-serving pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 self-sufficiency pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 self-sufficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 self-sufficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 selfinterested pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 selfish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 selfishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 selfishness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 semblance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 senile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sensation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensational pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensationalize pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sensationally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sense pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sense pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 senseless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 senselessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sensible pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sensitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sensitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensitively pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensitivity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sensitivity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sentiment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sentiment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sentimentality pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sentimentally pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sentiments pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 serene pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 serenity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 serious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 seriously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 seriousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sermonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 servitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 settle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 set-up pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 set-up pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sever pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 severe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 severe pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 severely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 severity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sexy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shabby pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shadow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shadowy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shady pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shake pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shallow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sham pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shambles pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shame pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shameful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shameful pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shamefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shamefully pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shamefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shameless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shamelessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shamelessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shark pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sharp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sharply pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shatter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sheer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shelter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 shelter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 shield pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shimmer pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shimmering pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shimmeringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 shine pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 shiny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shiny pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shirk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shirker pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shipwreck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shiver pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shock pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shocking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shockingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shoddy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 short-lived pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shortage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shortchange pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shortcoming pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shortcomings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shortsighted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shortsightedness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 should pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 show pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 showdown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 showdown pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shred pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shred pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shrew pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shrewd pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shrewdly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shrewdness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 shriek pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shrill pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shrill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shrilly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shrivel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shroud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shrouded pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shrug pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 shrug pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shunned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shyly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 shyness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sicken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sickly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sickening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sickening pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sickeningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sickness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sidetrack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sidetracked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 siege pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 signals pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 signals pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 significant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 significance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 signify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sillily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 silly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 simmer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 simple pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 simplicity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 simplified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 simplify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 simplistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 simplistic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 simplistically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 simply pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 sin pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sinful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sinfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sincere pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sincerely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sincerity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sincerity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sinister pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sinisterly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sinking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sinking pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skeletons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skeletons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skeptical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skeptical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skeptically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skepticism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skepticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sketchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 skill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 skilled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 skillful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 skillful pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 skillfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 skimpy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skittish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skittish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skittishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 skulk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 skyrocketing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slack pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slander pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slander pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slanderer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slanderous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slanderously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slanders pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slanders pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slap pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slashing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slashing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slaughter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slaughter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slaughter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slaughtered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slaves pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slaves pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sleazy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sleek pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sleepy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 slender pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 slight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slight pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slightly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slim pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 slim pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 slime pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sloppy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sloppily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sloth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slothful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slowly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slow-moving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slug pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sluggish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slump pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 slump pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 slur pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smack pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smack pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smart pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smart pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smarter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smartest pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smartly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 smash pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 smash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 smear pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 smelling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smiling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smilingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smitten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smokescreen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smokescreen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smolder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smoldering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 smooth pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 smother pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smoulder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smouldering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smug pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smugly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smut pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smuttier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smuttiest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 smutty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 snare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 snarl pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 snarl pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 snatch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sneak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sneak pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sneakily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sneaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sneer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sneer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sneering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sneeringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 snub pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 so pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 so-cal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 so-called pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sob pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sober pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sober pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sobering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sociable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 soft-spoken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 soften pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 soften pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 soften pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 solace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 solemn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 solemn pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 solicitous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 solicitously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 solicitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 solid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 solid pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 solidarity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 solidarity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 soliloquize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 somber pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 soothe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 soothingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sophisticated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sore pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sore pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sorely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 soreness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sorrow pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sorrow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sorrowful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sorrowfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sorry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sounding pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 soundness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sour pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sourly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sovereignty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 sovereignty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 spacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spade pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spade pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spank pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 spare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sparing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sparingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sparkle pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sparkling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 specific pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 specifically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 special pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spectacular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spectacularly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 speculate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 speculation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 speculation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 speedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spellbind pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spellbinding pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spellbindingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spellbound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spilling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spilling pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 spinster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 spirit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 spirit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 spirited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spiritless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spiritual pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spiritual pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spiteful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spitefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spitefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 splayed-finger pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 splayed-finger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 splendid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 splendidly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 splendor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 split pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 split pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 splitting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spoil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spook pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spookier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spookiest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spookily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spooky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spooky pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spoon-fed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spoon-feed pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spoonfed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sporadic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 spot pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spotless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 spotty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sprightly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spur pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 spurious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 spurn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sputter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 squabble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 squabbling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 squander pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 squarely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 squash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 squirm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stab pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stabilize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stagger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 staggering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 staggeringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stagnant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stagnate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stagnation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 staid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stainless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stake pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stake pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stalemate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stammer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stampede pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stampede pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 stance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 stances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 stances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 stand pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stands pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 stands pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 standstill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 star pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 star pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stark pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 starkly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stars pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stars pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 startle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 startling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 startlingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 starvation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 starve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stately pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 statements pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 statements pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 static pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 statuesque pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 staunch pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 staunchly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 staunchness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 steadfast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 steadfastly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 steadfastness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 steadiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 steady pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 steal pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stealing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 steep pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 steeply pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stellar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stellarly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stench pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stereotype pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stereotypical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stereotypically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stern pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stern pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stew pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sticky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stiff pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stifle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stifling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stiflingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stigma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stigma pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stigmatize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 still pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 stimulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stimulating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stimulative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sting pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sting pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stinging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stingingly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stink pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stink pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stinking pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stir pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 stir pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 stir pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 stirring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stirringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stodgy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stole pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stolen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stolen pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stood pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stooge pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stooges pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stooges pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 storm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stormy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 straggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 straggler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 straight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 straightforward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 strain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 strain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 strained pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 strange pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 strange pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 strangely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stranger pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 strangest pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 strangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 streamlined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 strength pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 strength pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 strenuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stress pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stressful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stressfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stricken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 strict pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 strictly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stride pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stride pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 strident pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stridently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 strides pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 strides pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 strife pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 strike pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 striking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 strikingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stringent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stringently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 striving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 striving pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 strong pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stronger-than-expected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 struck pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 struggle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 struggle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 strut pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stubborn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stubbornly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stubbornness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 studious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 studiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stuffed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 stuffy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stumble pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stump pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stunned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stunning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stunningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 stunt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stunted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 stupefy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 stupendous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stupendously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stupid pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stupidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stupidly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stupified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stupify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stupor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sturdy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 stylish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 stylishly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 suave pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 subdued pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subjected pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subjection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 subjugate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 subjugate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 subjugation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sublime pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 submissive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subordinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subordinate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subscribe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 subservience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 subservient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subside pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 substandard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 substantial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 substantially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 substantive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 subtle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 subtract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subversion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subversive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subversively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 subvert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 succeed pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 success pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 success pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 successful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 successfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 succumb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 such pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 sucker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suffer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sufferer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sufferers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sufferers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suffering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suffering pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suffice pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sufficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sufficiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 suffocate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sugar-coat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sugar-coated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sugarcoated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suggest pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 suggestions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 suggestions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 suicidal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suicide pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 suitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sulk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sullen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sully pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sumptuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sumptuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sumptuousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sunder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sunny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 super pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 superb pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 superbly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 superficial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 superficial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 superficiality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 superficially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 superfluous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 superior pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 superiority pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 superiority pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 superlative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 superstition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 superstitious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 support pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 support pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 support pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 supporter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 supporter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 supportive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 supportive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 suppose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 supposed pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 supposing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 suppress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suppression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suppression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 supremacy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 supremacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 supreme pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 supremely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 supurb pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 supurbly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sure pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 surely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 surge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 surging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 surmise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 surmount pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 surpass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 surprise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 surprise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 surprise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 surprising pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 surprisingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 surrender pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 surrender pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 survival pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 survive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 survivor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 susceptible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suspect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suspect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suspicion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 suspicion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suspicions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suspicions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suspicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suspicious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suspicious pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 suspiciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 sustainability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sustainability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sustainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sustainable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sustained pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 swagger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 swamped pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 swear pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sweeping pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sweet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sweeten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sweetheart pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sweetly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 sweetness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 swift pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 swiftness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 swindle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 swing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 swing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 swipe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 swipe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 swoon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 swore pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sworn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathetic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathetically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 sympathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 symptom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 syndrome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 syndrome pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 systematic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 taboo pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 taboo pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tact pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 taint pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tainted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 tale pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 talent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 talent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 talented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tall pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 tamper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tangled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tantalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tantalizing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tantalizingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tantamount pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 tantrum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tardy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tarnish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 taste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 taste pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 tattered pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 taunt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 taunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 taunting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tauntingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 taunts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tawdry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 teasingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 taxing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tedious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tediously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 temerity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 temper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 temper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 temperance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 temperate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tempest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tempt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 temptation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tempting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 temptingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tenacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tenaciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tenacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tendency pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 tendency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 tender pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tenderly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tenderness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tense pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tension pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tentative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tentatively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tenuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tenuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tepid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terrible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terrible pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terribleness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terribly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terrific pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terrific pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terrifically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terrified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terrify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terrifying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terrifying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terrifyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 terror pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terror-genic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terror-genic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 terrorism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 terrorize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 thank pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thankful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thankfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thankless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 theoretize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 therefore pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 think pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 thinkable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thinkable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thinking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 thinking pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 thirst pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 thirst pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 thorny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 thorny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 thorough pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 though pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 thought pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 thought pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 thoughtful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thoughtfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thoughtfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thoughtless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 thoughtlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 thoughtlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 thrash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 threat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 threat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 threaten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 threatening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 threatening pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 threats pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 threats pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 thrift pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 thrifty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thrill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thrill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thrilling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thrillingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 thrills pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 thrive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 thriving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 throttle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 throw pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 thumb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 thumbs pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 thumbs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 thus pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 thusly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 thwart pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tickle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tidy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 time-honored pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 timely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 timid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 timidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 timidly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 timidness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tingle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tint pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 tiny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tired pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tiresome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tiring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tiring pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tiringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 titillate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 titillating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 titillatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 toast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 togetherness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 toil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tolerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tolerably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tolerance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tolerance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tolerant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tolerantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 tolerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 toleration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 toll pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 toll pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 too pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 top pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 topple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 torment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 torment pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tormented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 torrent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 torrid pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 torridly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 torture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 torture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tortured pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tortuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 torturous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 torturously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 totalitarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tradition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 traditional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 touch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 touches pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 touches pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 touchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 toughness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 toughness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 toxic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traduce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tragedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tragedy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tragic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tragically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traitor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traitorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traitorously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traitorously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tramp pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trample pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tranquil pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tranquility pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tranquility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 transgress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 transgression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 transparency pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 transparency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 transparent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 transparent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 transport pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 trauma pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trauma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traumatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traumatic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traumatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traumatize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 traumatized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 travesties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 travesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 travesty pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 treacherous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 treacherously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 treachery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 treason pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 treasonous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 treasure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 treat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tremendous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 tremendously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trendy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trepidation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 trial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tribute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trick pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tricky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tricky pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trickery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 trim pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 triumph pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 triumph pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 triumphal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 triumphant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 triumphant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 triumphantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trivial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trivial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trivialize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trivially pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 trouble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 trouble pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 trouble pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 trouble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 troublemaker pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 troublemaker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 troublesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 troublesome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 troublesomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 troubling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 troublingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 truant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 truculent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 truculently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 true pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 truly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trump pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trumpet pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 trust pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 trust pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 trust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trusting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trustingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trustworthiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 trustworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 truth pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 truthful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 truthfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 truthfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 try pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 trying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 tumultuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 turbulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 turmoil pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 twinkly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 twist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 twist pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 twisted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 twists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 twists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tyrannical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tyrannically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tyranny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 tyrant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ugh pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ugliness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ugliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ugly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ulterior pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ultimate pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ultimately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ultimatum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ultimatums pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ultimatums pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ultra pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 ultra-hardline pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ultra-hardline pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unabashed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unabashedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unacceptable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unacceptablely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unaccustomed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unanimous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unassailable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unassailable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unattractive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unaudited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 unauthentic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unavailable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unavoidable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unavoidably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unbiased pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unbearable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unbearablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unbelievable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unbelievably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unbosom pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unbound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unbroken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 uncertain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uncivil pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uncivilized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uncivilized pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unclean pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unclear pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uncollectible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uncomfortable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uncommon pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 uncommonly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 uncompetitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uncompromising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uncompromisingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unconcerned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unconditional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unconfirmed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unconstitutional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uncontrolled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unconventional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unconvincing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unconvincingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uncouth pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 undaunted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 undecided pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 undefined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 undependability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 undependable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 underdog pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 underdog pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 underestimate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 underlings pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 underlings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 undermine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 underpaid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 understand pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 understandable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 understanding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 understanding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 understood pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 understate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 understated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 understatedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 undesirable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 undetermined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 undid pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 undignified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 undisputable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 undisputably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 undisputed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 undo pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 undocumented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 undone pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 undoubted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 undoubtedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 undue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unease pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unease pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uneasily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uneasiness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uneasiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uneasy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uneconomical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unencumbered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unequal pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unequivocal pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unequivocal pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unequivocally pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unethical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uneven pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uneventful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unexpected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unexpectedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unexplained pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfair pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfairly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfaithful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfaithfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unfamiliar pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfavorable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfazed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unfeeling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfettered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unfinished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unforeseen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unforgettable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unfortunate pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfortunately pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfounded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unfriendly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unfulfilled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unfunded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ungrateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ungovernable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 ungovernable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unhappily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unhappiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unhappy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unhealthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uniform pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 uniformly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unilateralism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unilateralism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unimaginable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unimaginably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unimportant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uninformed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uninsured pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unipolar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unipolar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unique pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 universal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unjust pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unjustifiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unjustifiably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unjustified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unjustly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unkind pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unkindly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unlamentable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unlamentably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unlawful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unlawfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unlawfulness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unlawfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unleash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unlicensed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unlikely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unlimited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unlucky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unmoved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unnatural pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unnaturally pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unnecessary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unneeded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unnerve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unnerved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unnerving pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unnervingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unnoticed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unobserved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unorthodox pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unorthodoxy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unparalleled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unpleasant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unpleasantries pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unpleasantries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unpopular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unprecedent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unprecedented pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unpredictable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unprepared pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unpretentious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 unproductive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unprofitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unqualified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unquestionable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unquestionably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unravel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unravel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unraveled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unrealistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unreasonable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unreasonable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unreasonably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unrelenting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unrelenting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unrelentingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unreliability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unreliability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unreliable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unresolved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unrest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unrestricted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unruly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsafe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsatisfactory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unsavory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unscathed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unscrupulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unscrupulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unseemly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unselfish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 unsettle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsettled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unsettling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unsettlingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unskilled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unsophisticated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unsound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unspeakable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unspeakablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unspecified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unstable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsteadily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsteadiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsteady pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsuccessful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsuccessfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsupported pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unsuspecting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unsustainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 untenable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 untested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unthinkable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unthinkably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 untimely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 untouched pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 untrained pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 untrue pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 untrustworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 untruthful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 unusual pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unusually pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwanted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwarranted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwelcome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwieldy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwilling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwillingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwillingness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unwisely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unworkable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 unyielding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 upbeat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 upbraid pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 upfront pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 upgrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 upheaval pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 upheld pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 uphold pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 uplift pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 uplifting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 upliftingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 upliftment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 upliftment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 upright pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 uprising pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uproar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uproarious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uproariously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uproarous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uproarously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 uproot pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 upscale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 upset pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 upset pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 upsetting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 upsetting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 upsettingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 upside pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 upside pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 upward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 urge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 urgency pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 urgency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 urgent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 urgent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 urgently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 usable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 useful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 usefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 useless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 usurp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 usurper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 utilitarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 utmost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 utter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 utterances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 utterances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 utterly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 uttermost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vagrant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 vague pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 vague pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 vagueness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vainly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 valiant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 valiantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 valid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 validity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 valor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 valuable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 valuable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 value pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 values pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 values pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vanish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 vanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vanquish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vastly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vastness pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vehement pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vehemently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 venerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 venerably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 venerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vengeance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vengeful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vengefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vengefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 venom pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 venom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 venomous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 venomously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 verifiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 veritable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 versatile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 versatility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 very pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 vestiges pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vestiges pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 veto pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 veto pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vex pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vex pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vexation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vexing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vexingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 viable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 viability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vibrant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vibrantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 viciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 viciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 victimize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 victorious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 victory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 victory pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vie pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 view pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 view pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 view pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 viewpoints pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 viewpoints pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 views pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 views pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 vigilance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vigilant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vigilant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vigorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vigorously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vileness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vilify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villainous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villainously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villains pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villains pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villian pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villianous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villianously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 villify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vindicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vindictive pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vindictively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vindictiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 vintage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 violate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 violation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 violator pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 violator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 violent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 violently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 viper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 virtue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 virtuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 virtuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 virulence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 virulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 virulently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 virus pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 virus pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 visionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vital pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vitality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vitality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vivacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vivid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vocal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 vocal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 vocally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vociferous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vociferously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 void pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 volatile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 volatility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 voluntarily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 voluntary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 vomit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 vomit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vouch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vouchsafe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vulgar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 vulnerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 vulnerable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wallow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wane pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 waning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 waning pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 want pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wanton pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 war pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 war pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 war-like pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 war-like pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 warfare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 warlike pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 warm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 warmhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 warmly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 warmth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 warning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 warning pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 warp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 warped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 warily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wariness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 waste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 waste pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wasteful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wastefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 watchdog pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 watchdog pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wayward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 weak pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weaken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weakening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weakening pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weakness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weakness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weaknesses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weaknesses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wealthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 weariness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wearisome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weary pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 weary pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wedge pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wedge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wee pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 weed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 weep pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weird pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weird pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 weirdly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 welcome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 welcome pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 welcome pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 welcome pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 welfare pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 welfare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 well pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 well pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-being pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-being pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-connected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 well-educated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 well-established pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-informed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-intentioned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-managed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 well-positioned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 well-publicized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-received pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-regarded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-run pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-wishers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 well-wishers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wellbeing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wellbeing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 whatever pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wheedle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 whiff pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 whiff pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 whimper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 whimsical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 whine pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 whine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 whips pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 whips pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 white pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wholeheartedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wholesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wicked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wickedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wickedness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wide pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 wide-open pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 wide-ranging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 widespread pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wild pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wildly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wiles pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 will pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 will pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 willful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 willfully pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 willing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 willingness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 willingness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wilt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wince pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wink pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wink pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 winnable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 winnable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 winners pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 winners pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wisdom pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wisdom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wisely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wishes pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wishes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wishing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wishing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 withheld pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 withhold pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 witty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 woe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 woebegone pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 woeful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 woefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wonder pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wonderful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wonderful pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wonderfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wonderous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wonderously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wondrous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 woo pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 workable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 world-famous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 worn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 worn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worried pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worriedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worrier pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worries pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worrisome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worrying pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worryingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worsen pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worsening pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 worship pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 worst pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worth pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 worth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 worth-while pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 worthiness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 worthless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worthlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worthlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 worthwhile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 worthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 would pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 wound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wound pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wounds pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wounds pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wow pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 wow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 wreck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wreck pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wrangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wrath pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wrest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wrestle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wretch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wretched pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wretchedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wretchedness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 writhe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wrong pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wrong pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wrongful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wrongly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wrought pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 wrought pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 wry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 yawn pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 yawn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 yeah pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 yearn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 yearning pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 yearningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 yelp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 yep pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 yes pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 youthful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 zeal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 zealot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 zealous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 zealously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 zenith pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 zest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
